README.md, before:

Master: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Ulauncher/Ulauncher.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Ulauncher/Ulauncher)
Dev: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Ulauncher/Ulauncher.svg?branch=dev)](https://travis-ci.org/Ulauncher/Ulauncher)


[Application Launcher for Linux 🐧](https://ulauncher.io)
================================

Ulauncher is a fast application launcher for Linux. It's is written in Python, using GTK+.

| App Search | File Browser | Custom Themes |
---|---|---
|![screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/8FpJLGG.png?1)|![screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/wJvXSmP.png?1)|![screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/2a4GCW7.png?1)|

Download it at [ulauncher.io](http://ulauncher.io)


[Create Your Ulauncher Extensions](http://docs.ulauncher.io/)
==============================================================

As of Ulauncher v3, you can create your own Ulauncher extensions
Check out [docs.ulauncher.io](http://docs.ulauncher.io/) to find out how.


[Create Your Ulauncher Color themes](http://docs.ulauncher.io/en/latest/themes/themes.html)
==============================================================

As of Ulauncher v4, you can create your own color themes
Check out [docs.ulauncher.io](http://docs.ulauncher.io/en/latest/themes/themes.html) to find out how.

[Systemd users](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/)
==============================================================

If your distribution packages [ulauncher.service](contrib/systemd/ulauncher.service) properly, then you can run `ulauncher` on startup by running:

```
systemctl --user enable ulauncher.service
```


Known Issues
============

* Ubuntu 14.04 is not supported since v4.0
* If your DE doesn't use compositing, run ulauncher with `--no-window-shadow` to remove a black box around a window
* [[Solved] inotify watch limit reached](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/issues/51)
* [[Workaround exists] Can't map the keys to ALT+SPACE](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/issues/100)
* [[Workaround exists] Hotkey doesn't work in Wayland when is triggered from certain apps](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/issues/183)
* [[Workaround exists] Border appears around ulauncher window in Sway DE](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/issues/230#issuecomment-570736422)


Code Contribution
=================


| Project | Contributor-friendly Issues |
---|---
| Ulauncher App | [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/contributor-friendly.svg?color=3cf014&label=All%20contributor-friendly&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/labels/contributor-friendly) <br> [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/Python.svg?color=5319e7&label=Python&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/labels/Python) <br> [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/JS.svg?color=a553cc&label=JS&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/labels/JS) <br> [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/Linux.svg?color=0e035e&label=Linux&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/labels/Linux)|
| [Frontend for extensions website](https://github.com/Ulauncher/ext.ulauncher.io) <br> Uses ReactJS | [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ulauncher/ext.ulauncher.io/contributor-friendly.svg?color=3cf014&label=contributor-friendly&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Ulauncher/ext.ulauncher.io/labels/contributor-friendly)|
| [API for extensions website](https://github.com/Ulauncher/ext-api.ulauncher.io) <br> Uses Python and bottle library | [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ulauncher/ext-api.ulauncher.io/contributor-friendly.svg?color=3cf014&label=contributor-friendly&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Ulauncher/ext-api.ulauncher.io/labels/contributor-friendly)|

Any code contributions are welcomed as long as they are discussed in [Github Issues](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/issues) with maintainers.
Be aware that if you decide to change something and submit a PR on your own, it may not be accepted.

Checkout [Code Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/wiki/Code-Contribution) for more info.

### Setup Development Environment

You must have the following things installed:

* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/)
* python3-distutils-extra
* Application runtime dependencies.
  (You don't have to manually install these if you have already installed Ulauncher)

  ```
  sudo apt-get install \
    libkeybinder-3.0-0 \
    libgtk-3-0 \
    gir1.2-gtk-3.0 \
    gir1.2-keybinder-3.0 \
    gir1.2-webkit2-4.0 \
    gir1.2-glib-2.0 \
    gir1.2-notify-0.7 \
    gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0 \
    gir1.2-ayatanaappindicator3-0.1 \
    python3-dbus \
    python3-levenshtein \
    python3-pyinotify \
    python3-websocket \
    python3-xdg
  ```

### Build and Run
1. `$ ./ul init-dev-env` installs Ulauncher data to `~/.local/share/ulauncher/`
1. `$ ./ul dev-container` will take you into a Docker container from which you can run build and test scripts. Use `sudo -E ./ul dev-container` if your user is not in the `docker` group.
1. `root@container: # ./ul build-preferences` build preferences UI in JS/HTML
1. `root@container: # ./ul test` runs linter, type checker, and unit tests
1. `$ ./ul run` runs the app

Check out output of `./ul` to find more useful commands.


License
=======

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for license rights and limitations (GNU GPL v3.0).

Commit message:

Update Readme to explain the fork

README.md, after:

[Application Launcher for Linux 🐧](https://ulauncher.io)
================================

Ulauncher is a fast and nice looking application launcher for Linux. It's is written in Python, using GTK+, and has many extra features, and an ecosystem of third party extensions. Unfortunately the author and maintainer of Ulauncher is not responding on github or slack, and the experience is now broken for many people (and will be for even more people when they update to GTK4).

**Ulauncher Revived** is an attempt to to keep the project alive. Merging some critical PR's and maybe fixing other issues. I'm not going to add new features unless it's something that's been bothering me a lot and it's a trivial change, or if someone else submits a PR.

Please join me and help out. I have limited time for this, and I don't want to be the sole person involved in the project.

Ulauncher Revived will not be rebranding the actual app. Just the name of this repository, and to the degree we get there, the name in package managers, because the missing maintainer has the sole control of the Ulauncher name, domain and repo.

| App Search | File Browser | Custom Themes |
---|---|---
|![screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/8FpJLGG.png?1)|![screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/wJvXSmP.png?1)|![screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/2a4GCW7.png?1)|

Download it at [ulauncher.io](http://ulauncher.io)


[Create Your Ulauncher Extensions](http://docs.ulauncher.io/)
==============================================================

As of Ulauncher v3, you can create your own Ulauncher extensions
Check out [docs.ulauncher.io](http://docs.ulauncher.io/) to find out how.


[Create Your Ulauncher Color themes](http://docs.ulauncher.io/en/latest/themes/themes.html)
==============================================================

As of Ulauncher v4, you can create your own color themes
Check out [docs.ulauncher.io](http://docs.ulauncher.io/en/latest/themes/themes.html) to find out how.

[Systemd users](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/)
==============================================================

If your distribution packages [ulauncher.service](contrib/systemd/ulauncher.service) properly, then you can run `ulauncher` on startup by running:

```
systemctl --user enable ulauncher.service
```


Known Issues
============

* Ubuntu 14.04 is not supported since v4.0
* If your DE doesn't use compositing, run ulauncher with `--no-window-shadow` to remove a black box around a window
* [[Solved] inotify watch limit reached](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/issues/51)
* [[Workaround exists] Can't map the keys to ALT+SPACE](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/issues/100)
* [[Workaround exists] Hotkey doesn't work in Wayland when is triggered from certain apps](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/issues/183)
* [[Workaround exists] Border appears around ulauncher window in Sway DE](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/issues/230#issuecomment-570736422)


Code Contribution
=================


| Project | Contributor-friendly Issues |
---|---
| Ulauncher App | [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/contributor-friendly.svg?color=3cf014&label=All%20contributor-friendly&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/labels/contributor-friendly) <br> [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/Python.svg?color=5319e7&label=Python&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/labels/Python) <br> [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/JS.svg?color=a553cc&label=JS&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/labels/JS) <br> [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/Linux.svg?color=0e035e&label=Linux&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/labels/Linux)|
| [Frontend for extensions website](https://github.com/Ulauncher/ext.ulauncher.io) <br> Uses ReactJS | [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ulauncher/ext.ulauncher.io/contributor-friendly.svg?color=3cf014&label=contributor-friendly&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Ulauncher/ext.ulauncher.io/labels/contributor-friendly)|
| [API for extensions website](https://github.com/Ulauncher/ext-api.ulauncher.io) <br> Uses Python and bottle library | [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ulauncher/ext-api.ulauncher.io/contributor-friendly.svg?color=3cf014&label=contributor-friendly&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Ulauncher/ext-api.ulauncher.io/labels/contributor-friendly)|

Any code contributions are welcomed as long as they are discussed in [Github Issues](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/issues) with maintainers.
Be aware that if you decide to change something and submit a PR on your own, it may not be accepted.

Checkout [Code Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/Ulauncher/Ulauncher/wiki/Code-Contribution) for more info.

### Setup Development Environment

You must have the following things installed:

* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/)
* python3-distutils-extra
* Application runtime dependencies.
  (You don't have to manually install these if you have already installed Ulauncher)

  ```
  sudo apt-get install \
    libkeybinder-3.0-0 \
    libgtk-3-0 \
    gir1.2-gtk-3.0 \
    gir1.2-keybinder-3.0 \
    gir1.2-webkit2-4.0 \
    gir1.2-glib-2.0 \
    gir1.2-notify-0.7 \
    gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0 \
    gir1.2-ayatanaappindicator3-0.1 \
    python3-dbus \
    python3-levenshtein \
    python3-pyinotify \
    python3-websocket \
    python3-xdg
  ```

### Build and Run
1. `$ ./ul init-dev-env` installs Ulauncher data to `~/.local/share/ulauncher/`
1. `$ ./ul dev-container` will take you into a Docker container from which you can run build and test scripts. Use `sudo -E ./ul dev-container` if your user is not in the `docker` group.
1. `root@container: # ./ul build-preferences` build preferences UI in JS/HTML
1. `root@container: # ./ul test` runs linter, type checker, and unit tests
1. `$ ./ul run` runs the app

Check out output of `./ul` to find more useful commands.


License
=======

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for license rights and limitations (GNU GPL v3.0).
